All query methods are off of the search resource.
For every query method declared in the repository,
we expose a query method resource or endpoint that
executes the query exposed through an individual query
method on the repository interface.
Don't forget that the top level search resource returns links for
all query methods exposed by our repository,
and we'll look at this during the demo.
So invoking the default search resource shows how
each custom finder method is mapped.
So findByDescriptionIgnoreCaseContaining is mapped to this endpoint,
findByApplicationId is mapped to this endpoint,
findByTitleIgnoreCaseContaining is mapped to this endpoint.
The values in curly braces represent parameters that will be passed in. As the search resource is a read-only resource, it supports GET only.